As opposed to blogging. The idea here is that getting familiar with the cloud'd GitHub is being done with https://tgsoc.org as the focus. Or, our 'Portal to truth' with all sorts of meanings. I'll keep adding to the bottom until I work out a better method. See ReadMe for pointers to the work done to date. 
--- Will log here until I see how to do it better ---

1 - Uploaded the JS files. 
Now, see how to update and sync changes here at the FTP site. 
2 - First branch and update. Now do a pull. Several other updates pending. 
3 - Brought in more files. Like the interface. Got a project page started. 
Also, will be using Wiki (to have something familiar - have been hackign with textual editors primarily - content was the focus). 
4 - With a better view than the little text window, I can see more noise put in. Interesting. 
5 - Disclosure: my purpose was content which covered centuries along all sorts of threads. The computing aspects were considered secondary since information was the intent.  

6 - Stopped to look at templates. Of course, ran into these when I was doing my occasional review of possible techniques. But, content was my focus at each of those points. Though, I did spend a summer doing a little codecademy every day, did all of their lessons at the time, while doing so opinionated about the experiment, wondered about the motivation behind some of those, they have proliferated madly, ..., mad house, anyone?, ..., even saw reference to the 'floor' which i'll go into further, artistic/technical, one split, sure, it's presentation versus compute, some trying to split, i say, parametric versus algorithmic, i see css as a huge parametric set, will go into this, ..., as mentioned was using Sea Monkey Composer, even Wordpad, and Notepad, ..., eventually let Chrome's tools do their thing, ..., btw, not only minimal in terms of resource, i've been working without ide support, down and dirty with the text, ...

7 - so, no confusion about details (know one, know them all, essentially), but went and searched on motivation for javascript templates, i'm always asking why? (it's not enough to say, money, power, etc. -- we're in a mess, people), up pops the discussion, hearing from those on both sides, and then see 'dust' (someone always does it right) as being in the middle, remember 'floor' in the future, for all computing levels we have this bifurcation, some try to bridge as i have the past ten years doing everything, at least, i know enough to know where i'm deficit, ..., yet, perfection?, let's discuss that as one manufacturer who touts this (their mantra of is no failure is way beyond six sigma), has let software and its complexity get the better of their process with recent failures in a hugely public and tragic sense (think, falling out of the sky), ..., come one, people, we need to step back a decade and one-half and review what all of this endless permutation has wrought. 
8 - also, i may be new to github in the sense of having an account, i'm no newbie to computing having watched, and participated in, its evolution, up close, for decades, in the trenches, not in academia, though i have worked with very many academics who stooped to see what we real-world people were up to, ..., more, ..., 

9 - this is 8/12/19 8:02 (middle of the country) -- Oh yes, time. It flows too fast for the gold guy. Well, seems that the reading last night was from the 2013/2014 timeframe. Well, not too bad. Then, I looked at the template'd and bounced out. I had to do logic. Purtiness? We'll get to that. So, I come forward in time 2018 and then 2019 with a couple of stops in between. Ah, literal template. Yes. Then, HTML template. Wait, I could have used that rather than the hidden variables. But, again, when one is rushing configuration in order to work content, one minimizes. ... Don't have time, like some of these kids, to just play with code. ... Actually, never did that as I was always on an advanced team solving real problems. Albeit, we did get to SEI CMM Level 5 in that type of dynamic environment that involved products with a long timeframe. Why the rush? ... Schedule always was a huge factor. 

10 -- I think, I'll be here for a few days getting things in order. Then, we'll be making changes and pushing them out to the website. Haven't mentioned it, but there'll be a Quora aspect to this work, to boot. 

11 -- Need to go through these. https://colorlib.com/wp/top-templating-engines-for-javascript/ Already know about mustache and a few others. We'll plan to update our main site, too, https://thomasgardnersociety.org after we relook at its history from aspx to about 2016. I see some of the templates are oriented to languages of interest: Julia, Common Lisp, ... 


